My name is Nicole Deshong and I'm from Maui, Hawaii. I am a former teacher assistant for La Petite Academy where I ensured the daily care of every child by following all licensing guidelines, created a fun and interactive learning experiences, as well as communicated directly with parents about their child’s overall development and success. Working with children for the past five years has taught me how to think quickly on my feet as well as having patience no matter the circumstance. It has been a blessing being able to see every child develop their own identity. 

I'm passionate about empowering others. I have a background in community work which ranges from working with non-profits, foodbanks, to fundraising for youth leadership events. In 2018, I assisted Hawaii Leaders Core, a non-profit organization, with its mission of helping the youth become leaders. I've had the opportunity to provide sponsorships and recruit students for the leadership academy held in Maui. This week-long event addressed different leadership styles, self-identities, communication skills, and more. It was truly an amazing experience. 


Outside of work, some of my favorite activities include hiking, spending the day at the beach, and hitting the gym. In addition, I enjoy spending quality time with friends and family. I moved to Washington state about a year ago to pursue a career in software development, following in the footsteps of my mother. Currently, I am in the Year Up Program growing my professional brand and learning various technical skills. I'm looking forward to feeling a sense of purpose in my career and maximizing my full potential. As a woman of color, one of my goals is to close the opportunity divide in corporate tech jobs. I want to lead by example and show that we are just as valuable and in-demand just as anyone else. 


Through my experiences, I've learned that the status quo cannot be broken through innovation and team-building exercises alone, but by framing the workplace in such a way that obstacles become the motivating factor, and not the reason for failure. 

